hello fat string that's how are you
doing okay so today we're going to look
at a rendition a rendition my rendition
excusa light by the way it's not God
it's it's actually just a light because
it's so dark in here it's the only way I
could light up my board so hopefully
it'd be good enough for you to learn
from so as I'm saying a rendition today
of hurt by Nine Inch Nails a bass
rendition which should be using chords
and downstrokes okay the reason we're
using cords and down strokes is because
it's it's really an additional lesson
for people that have bought my book not
just another bass tuition book and in
that book we cover finger picking and we
cover strumming and stuff like that okay
so this is this an additional add-on
add-on to that which has both of those
techniques in this version I've created
okay so let's get on with it shall we
so the first thing we're going to do is
we're going to hit have three chords
okay so we have the main Pires I heard
myself today to see if there still feel
yeah that that as you know as you know
it is in the song sounds more Johnny
Cash's version but it's good is good
okay so I'm gonna do the thumb bum
finger yeah
bum bum finger think I think that finger
we're gonna do thumb thumb finger as
described in the book all right it's the
first thing we're going to do is we're
going to hit the open a string alright
and then we're going to come to the
second fret and we're going to bar over
the second fret on the D and the g
string just like so yeah with our index
finger we're going to go bum bum finger
thumb bingo yeah okay as described in
the book and then we're going to come to
the third fret on the a string with our
index finger and then we're going to
come to the fifth fret on the D string
with our ring finger and a fifth fret on
the g string with our little finger
we're going to hold that shape there
yeah so we're going to go and then
I'm fun finger yeah okay
and then we're going to come up to the
fifth fret on the a-string we're going
to put our index finger right now I've
been a seventh fret on the D string and
the seventh round of g string with our
little finger a root v octave that i
discussed in the book yeah so you have
Bom Bom Bom
but I'm in on this one you can come back
with the finger again and hit the
seventh fret on the d-string so you have
so for example in the whole thing
if you can get it quick enough yet
so yeah that's it ah hurt myself today
the cache version okay and that's going
to take us to the chorus which it we're
going to downstroke as described in the
book yeah
using this business here okay so we're
going to come to the fifth fret on the D
string and we're going to come to the
seventh fret on the g string gonna have
this shape here this - called finger
I'll go index and they're not go ring
finger okay down striking this hand as
we discussed play it eight times one two
three four five six seven eight
the whole thing is whatever big bass
sweetest friend everyone I know goes
away yeah yeah okay so eight times v
synth a one two three four five six
seven eight
okay then what we can do is keep your
ring finger on the seventh fret there
and bring in your middle finger and put
that on the seventh fret on the D string
so you're moving from there to there yes
that finger stays there
then hit at a time so one two three four
five six seven eight one two three four
five six seven eight okay
so the down strokes are described then
come to the third fret on the D string
with your index finger yeah and then put
your fifth fret on the g string with
your ring finger so there yeah and eight
times I guess all together we have one
two three four five six seven eight one
two three four five six seven eight
five six seven eight okay I'm finally
it's only two bits to wholesome come to
the third fret on your a string yeah
with your index finger root fifth
talkative thing again it's not the night
it's not you two chord I choose I've
actually choose that chord but this is
just simplicity psyche okay and it
that's easier okay that's real stretch
it's real massive stretch so third fret
on the a string with your index finger
actually do this for your benefit yeah
okay so and then the fifth fret on the D
string with your ring finger and then
finally fifth fret on the g string with
your a little finger
eight times again okay so we have I hope
it whatever but good nice this hand here
I'm not really doing them you could do
down-up down-up down-up if you wanted to
do one two three four five six seven
eight three four five six and A one two
three four one six and they'd one two
three four yeah but give it that that
cup changing rhythm and under whatever
Bleeker my Swedish friends
everyone oh yes Chris Green was singing
bad enough anyway you get you get the
impression you get the impression you
get your idea so we have 1 2 3 days 1 2
3 1 2 3 4 1 2 3 1 2 3 1 2 3 4 1 barber
gone ok good I have a help write that
it's a good fun one to play with
and said it's just in addition to the
that's just another base tuition but
written by maurois take care five
strings bye-bye